# Markdown Basics

# Paragraph Examples
This is my first try to write a paragraph.
This is my second attempt.

The quick fox jumped over the lazy dog
but the dog got hurt
and the fox died.



The lazy dog was sleeping, and the quick fox jumped over the dog.

Here's something new,  
I am using double spaces before hitting enter,  
and the results are surprising.

This proves that we can use double blank spaces before hitting enter to use as a line break, other than using double enter command.

Let's try header levels. there is a limit of maximum 6 levels.
# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

#### Header 4


##### Header 5

###### Header 6
####### Header 7
This shows that there is a limit of 6 levels.
One more thing to note here is that multiple spaces are combined and reduced to a single line space.
# Emphasis
Like it or not, the _quick_ fox was not as *quick* as the lazy dog. For italics, we can use any of the two, single underscore or single asterisk on each side of the word. Trying "_lazy_", using quotation but it works, there are no spaces at the _beginning or end_. This proves **multiple words also work**. But if there are numbers then what happens. Let's see this with 1_example_. Or check what_ever_, _when_ever.

Similarly for bold, we can use double underscore or asterisk. Always try to be __bold__, not really that kind of **bold**.
Now if you want to mention a variable name like var_example_int, then this is different case.

So, this shows that if there is any letter or number at either end, then it will not work. Is this happening because of Git flavored Markdown? Think!!  
**Repeat the same using asterisk.**
**Please note: Never use spaces before putting asterisk, like this. **  
Random words like var*example*int, what*ever*, *when*ever, 1*star*, etc. WOW!! Now it works. Need to experiment like this buddy.
# Quotes: how to use?
> This is how you should use. Use > symbol.
> This looks good.  
> But how to exit.


##### _Mridul Dutta_


Try using double enter or return command.

# Codes
Use `Ctrl + C` to copy. That's easy. Use backtick ` symbol.

    abc command
    def command
    # for remark
    happy now

To exit, double return. How did I start, I used 4-time return.
# List!!
### To-do list
* Wakeup
* Brush
* Bath
* Dressup
* Oh no! Office!!

To exit, double return. I used asterisk for the list.

##### Experiment time!! I love this!!
We know that asterisk can be used for *italics* or **bold**.

Then how to use with lists?

* *Trying Italics*
* **Trying Bold**

WOW! this was very easy.

Now let's try numbered list.
1. I like rice.
2. I don't like roti.
3. This is auto-numbering.
4. I deleted 4 and wrote 5.
5. But it got auto corrected.

Easy-peasy!! Nested lists?

* Asia
	* India
	* Nepal
	* SL
* Africa
	* Egypt
	* South A
		* We have Hatch office here.
	* Kenya

Use `Tab`/ `2 spaces` / `4 spaces`! This depends!!
Can we use nested numbers?

1. Fruits
	2. Mango
	3. Banana
2. Veggies
	3. Potato
	4. Tomato

It seems the output generated by StackEdit.IO is not matching with Git. Why so?

Great topic for experiment. And you should know now, HOW MUCH I LOVE EXPERIMENTS!!!!!

1. Fruits
	* Mango
	* Banana
2. Veggies
	* Potato
	* Tomato
		* Small
		* Big

Alas, I could only use bullets combined with numbers for nesting.

1. Fruits
  * Mango
  * Banana
    * Green
    * Yellow
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTYyNzIxODEyMiwyMDI3MjA2NDUyLDk2OD
A2NDA5MSw3MjE2MzEzODYsMTcwMTIyMjkwMiwxOTI0NTI3NjEw
LDE1NjMyNTk2MDQsNTE1MDQ1ODY0LC0yNDc5OTI0OTAsMTU2OT
A3NTAxNywxMTMzMjQwNjc0LDEyNzg2OTI5NDFdfQ==
-->